[red-knot] Handle context managers in (sync) with statements (#13998)
astral-sh/ruff: crates/red_knot_python_semantic/resources/mdtest/declaration/async_with.md

# Async with declarations

## Basic `async with` statement

> The type of the target variable in a `with` statement should be the return type from the context manager's `__aenter__` method.
> However, Knot doesn't support `async with` statements yet. This test asserts that it doesn't emit any context manager-related errors.

Reviewer: nit: quite long lines here. Also, we haven't renamed it to `Knot` _yet_ ;)

```suggestion
The type of the target variable in a `with` statement should be the return type
from the context manager's `__aenter__` method. However, we don't support `async with`
statements yet. This test asserts that it doesn't emit any context manager-related errors.
```

Author: I'm open to enabling markdown formatting but I otherwise prefer not to reflow text manually. This does not affect how the text is rendered

Reviewer: > This does not affect how the text is rendered

I know. My concern is more the ability to read and edit the code on small screens. But I agree it's not the most important issue in the world, just a nit.

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff/pull/14020
